hi welcome to hot chocolate hits I'm
Becca and today I'm going to show you
how to make a red bell pepper soup my
mom bought a lot of red bell peppers and
she chopped them up and we don't know
what to do with them and so the soup is
really quick and really easy to make and
it's all and it's getting kind of cold
so it's a perfect fall of dish as well
so let's get started so I have your four
chopped red bell peppers it isn't
necessary that they be too fine
because you're in a puree the soup
anyway also chopped 1 medium onion and
four garlic cloves so I'm just gonna
peel those garlic cloves and crush them
with my garlic press you can also grate
them so next I'm going to take about a
tablespoon of butter I'm using salted
butter of course you can use unsalted I
just feel like salted butter has a
really nice flavor in savory dishes and
just put that into a sauce pan to melt I
love seeing the solid turn into liquid
it's absolutely gorgeous
when it's nice and bubbly add in a
tablespoon of olive oil and heat that up
a little bit as well don't burn the
butter and then add in your onions just
saute them for a minute until they're
like translucent and they're kind of
softer next dump in your red bell
peppers
and add in your garlic as well and just
cook all of those ingredients together
until the bell peppers are nice and soft
so about like five to ten minutes at
that stage you can add in three around
three cups of hot water that's 700
milliliters and add in two stock cubes
I'm using two but again it depends on
like the quality of your stock use and
just break those apart with your wooden
spoon stir them around a bit and then
just cover it the pen and simmer the
soup for 30 minutes on low heat after
around 30 minutes turn off the heat and
now you can puree the soup you can do
this in a food processor or using an
immersion blender if you do it in a food
processor remember the stew has to be
cold and just until nice and smooth it's
so and at this stage you can add in your
seasoning don't add too much salt
because the stock cubes are fairly salty
um what I'm doing is I'm adding Tabasco
I feel like that has a nice peppery
spicy flavor and I'm also adding in some
pepper because you can't really have
soup without pepper
I feel so feel free to add in some fresh
herbs and some more Tabasco if you like
things hot and stir those in and then
pour the soup onto a plate
as you can see my edges are messy so I
went and I cleaned it with a paper towel
if you were listening closely I was
whistling the theme song for food wishes
in the background because I was trying
to act like Chef John anyway just
garnish this to put some fresh cream and
some oregano or other herbs and you're
done
you
Wow it's light it's creamy
even though there's no addition of cream
and it's full of flavor
it's funny how much flavor like only
five ingredients can give to this
incredible soup it tastes kind of in the
middle of like a carrot and pumpkin soup
I highly recommend it for winter or for
fall it's so delicious so I really hope
you give it a try don't forget to rate
comment and subscribe and I will see you
next time bye